You also picked up the wild belt
We've lost nine games in a row.
It looks like we're really going to be famous
Isn't there one of us who hasn't played?
You said he was a novice disciple
What to take to welcome the elite of the four elements
Elder Wu, you also lost the ninth game
I don't think your disciples are willing to play either
Shouldn't you be the last one to fight?
Ahahahaha
I won't let you do that
My fifth letter will last forever
Save the Xianjun Yongzan
What are you doing?
You have a nice face
Now I'll give you a chance.
Immediately draw a line with the fifth peak
Destroy Qingyun Xianjun's spiritual position again, and I will spare you.
Otherwise, this face will not be saved
Bah, kill if you want
If you want my life, you can
It's not okay to insult Qingyun Xianjun
What bullshit Qingyun Xianjun
Do you think he will come to rescue you?
Even if Qingyun Xianjun is dead
Living and waiting will also protect the glory of Xianjun with his life
We lost this one.
Game 9 is over
You don't have to fight anymore, you want to end it so easily
I'm not having fun yet
beast
Hahahahaha
The fifth senior sister was defeated in my hands
Who else can fight me?
If I kill you, today will be called the fifth peak
Completely famous from Qingyun Sword
Who said I'm not destined for the five peaks?